hello this iron is 41 we're getting her
to add two grandsons names to my arm
here we go I mean a new broke its go
heart Brendan two grandsons thanks to
mow slappy all right Rob Roy hey
whenever you ready bro you'd be doing
five minutes
this I'm scared Anthony low pressures
already over
you started barking yes sir all right
yeah I saw her beer hey for me
sacrifices at the Grand Peponi gain
extra you son just at our next one here
comes Mike him the bird that's a big
that's a big old bird that's pearl
causing a ruckus row Yankees groups oh
man that looks good oh man you did a
fine job sam says my grandson wife a
daughter oh the daughter my other
grandson your motor grandson how cool is
that did a great job it looks good thank
you what's it